Add some more LBP PSP Q&A entries (#12)
LittleBigRefresh/Docs: Docs/topics/discord/faq.md

Not at the moment. PPSSPP support is in the works, but is currently not possible.

> ## Q: I followed the PSP guide, but my game wont connect, how do I fix it?

Reviewer: Old way reads better tbh

Thinking of dropping the `Q: ` portion

Author: For now i'll just revert that one line, revamps to the whole file should probably be done in a different patchest

> Make sure to update your game to the latest version v2.0.5, as that is the only version we support. LBP PSP Alpha, or a non-updated version will not work. Also make sure to update your PSP to a CFW based on 6.61. If you still cannot connect, ask for help in <#1049223665998372947>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to update your game to the latest version v2.0.5, as that is the only version we support. LBP PSP Alpha, or a non-updated version will not work. Additionally, PSN will only work on PSPs running a CFW based on the latest firmware (6.61 is the latest official version as of writing) so make sure your custom firmware is up to date.

If you still cannot connect, ask for help in <#1049223665998372947>.
```

## Q: My PSP can't connect to my WiFi network, is there any way to still connect?

> You can setup a 2.4G hotspot on your phone or computer with no password, then use that on your PSP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PSP does not support modern WPA/WPA2 networks.

You can setup a 2.4Ghz hotspot on your phone or computer with no password, and then use that on your PSP. You can also set up a WEP network if you want to use a password, although you should still use caution as it's still not as secure as WPA2.
```

> ## Q: The Vita web browser crashes when trying to go to a website, how do I fix this?

Reviewer: Do you mean the browser in LiveArea or the PSP browser running under adrenaline?

Author: The PSP browser under adrenaline, should have specified

> Disable the reScaler plugin, it conflicts with the PSP web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should try disabling the `reScaler` plugin, as it conflicts with the PSP web browser.
```
